Add annotation aws-load-balancer-security-groups (#16702)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/cloud-providers.md

* `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-connection-draining-timeout`: Used on the service to specify a connection draining timeout.
* `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-connection-idle-timeout`: Used on the service to specify the idle connection timeout.
* `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-cross-zone-load-balancing-enabled`: Used on the service to enable or disable cross-zone load balancing.

> * `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-security-groups`: Used to specify the security groups to be added to ELB created. This replaces all other security groups previously assigned to the ELB.

Reviewer: Grammar nit:
```suggestion
* `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-security-groups`: Specifies the security groups to be added to the ELB created. This replaces all other security groups previously assigned to the ELB.
```

Reviewer: Whoops, never mind, I just realized it's a paste of upstream content.
